Add a section about how to update the snapshots to CONTRIBUTING.md (#3381)
firefox-devtools/profiler: CONTRIBUTING.md

 * Locally when running
   - `yarn test-all` - Test all the things!

>    - `yarn test` - Run the tests in [`./src/test/`](./src/test/).

Author: This wasn't showing up as a link correctly. It should work now.

 * Continuous integration for pull requests
   - We use CircleCI to run our tests for every PR that is submitted. This gives reviewers a great way to know if things are still working as expected.

### Updating snapshots

> We have snapshot tests to ensure that components output correct markup. If you change a `render` function, it will likely produce snapshot failures when running `yarn test`. If the snapshot changes are what you expect, you can run `yarn test -u` to update the snapshots. Don't forget to include them in your commit as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have snapshot tests to ensure that components output the expected markup. If you change a `render` function, it will likely produce some snapshot failures when running `yarn test`. If the snapshot changes are what you expect, you can run `yarn test -u` to update the snapshots. Don't forget to include them in your commit as well.
```

Author: Looks good to me. Updated, thanks!
